Added a section about color modes & scales (#350)
primer/primitives: docs/content/colors.mdx

<ColorThemePicker />

### Color vision deficiency themes
Primer primitives include `Protanopia & Deuteranopia` and `Tritanopia` themes for dark and light mode.  

> In these themes, green, red and orange are changed to different colors. This allows us to provide color contrast in parts of the UI like the _diffing view_ for people with color vision deficiency (cvd).

Author: I like the idea with the UI comparison. However I have the feeling this is content for a larger audience and should maybe be added with a section about color modes in general here: https://primer.style/design/foundations/color

> In these themes, green, red and orange are changed to different colors. This allows us to provide the right color contrast in the UI for people with color vision deficiency (cvd). For example, when comparing branches in pull requests.

Reviewer: Nitpick suggestion + link to W3C CVD

```suggestion
In these themes, green, red and orange are changed to different colors. This allows us to provide the right color contrast in the UI for people with [Color Vision Deficiency ](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/low-vision-a11y-tf/wiki/CVD) - (CVD). For example, when comparing branches in pull requests.
```

> ### Color vision deficiency themes
> Primer primitives include `Protanopia & Deuteranopia` and `Tritanopia` themes for dark and light mode.  
> In those themes green, red and orange are changed to different colors. This allows us to provide color contrast in parts of the UI like the _diffing view_ for people with color vision deficiency (cvd).
> 
> To make this easy to maintain, scales are adjusted instead of changing the references of functional tokens. This results in a mismatch of color scale names and the value they hold. For example `scale.green` is actually blue in cvd modes. This is not a bug but desired for easier maintenance. We discourage designing with any of the cvd modes, so this should not create any confusion for our users.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Color vision deficiency themes
Primer primitives include `Protanopia & Deuteranopia` and `Tritanopia` themes for dark and light mode.  
In these themes, green, red and orange are changed to different colors. This allows us to provide color contrast in parts of the UI like the _diffing view_ for people with color vision deficiency (cvd).

To make this easy to maintain, scales are adjusted instead of changing the references of functional tokens. This results in a mismatch of color scale names and the value they hold. For example `scale.green` is actually blue in cvd modes. This is not a bug but desired for easier maintenance. We discourage designing with any of the cvd modes, so this should not create any confusion for our users.

```

> When changing themes, we adjust the scales instead of changing which scale a functional tokens references. This results in a mismatch of color scale names and the value they hold. For example, the green scale uses blue in cvd modes. This is not a bug but is desired for easier maintenance. Color scales should not be used directly, so this mismatch is an internal implementation detail not visible to out users.

Reviewer: Nitpick suggestion for clarity

```suggestion
When changing themes, we adjust the scales instead of the functional tokens references. This results in a mismatch of color scale names and the value they hold. For example, the green scale uses blue in CVD modes. This is not a bug but is desired for easier maintenance. Color scales should not be used directly, so this mismatch remains invisible to our users.
```

Author: Hey @josepmartins I am not 100% sure this makes it more clear. 

How about:

`instead of changing the functional references`

and

`so this mismatch is not visible to our users`

Reviewer: 👍 like it
